hi I'm Anna gear each week I'll be
bringing you fresh ideas to help create
quick and easy meals that are great
value and delicious at that
today it's shepherd's pie okay you'll
need red delight potatoes macro diced
lamb select olive oil gold chicken stock
canned diced tomatoes and butter all
ingredients can be purchased at your
local Woolies and online by clicking
here
we need to preheat our oven to about 200
degrees another good house warmer into
the pan there's just a splash of olive
oil I've got this lovely diced gland
here now I like to cook it off in two
batches because if you put it all in at
once it takes longer to brown and
sometimes it's true
the first batch goes in and we're just
going to saute that for about eight
minutes we want to brown it on all
and that would give so much more flavor
finally dice up one brown onion 2 cloves
of garlic carrot celery to cook off the
veg in the same pan I'm just going to
add a tad more olive oil and all the veg
to that moon add some beautiful fresh
thyme okay so the veggies are softened a
little add two spoons flour to thicken
the stew just give that a little stir so
we lose that sort of flowery flavor and
we're ready for the stock and we all
know a good stock makes all the
difference I'm using Woolies go chicken
stock pour in about 350 mils slowly and
keep stirring because we want this sauce
to be nice and smooth add some tinned
diced tomatoes in goes the brand meat
and all that lovely juice - that's going
to help flavor things up season this
with a little pinch of salt and salts
best mate pepper
it's smelling absolutely divine you know
at this point you could add any meat you
like and my grandma's shoes if she had
leftover lamb rose she'd slice it up
thinly and she'd throw that in so it's a
great dish to use up any leftover meat
but oh my gosh this is smelling
absolutely amazing this just goes into
the oven for about an hour an hour and a
half until the meat is
melt-in-your-mouth tender while our
tasty red goo is bubbling in the oven
I'm gonna mash these cooked rip delight
potatoes which will become our yummy
topping later on red delight potatoes
come loose or bagged in a perfect for
roasting or mashing look for ones with a
striking red skin store in a paper bag
and they'll last a little bit longer
than usual does 20 grams about it so it
melts quickly and about a cup of hot
milk will make the mesh creamier and
richer in taste all right
our perfect mash is prepared the lamb is
cooked tender and ready for the ramekin
let's spoon our delightful mashed
potatoes on top and pop our pie back
into the oven until it's golden brown
okay so the little pies are ready oh my
gosh and poppy gorgeous just the way I
love it a little bit crunchy on top
lovely soft matte potato underneath
everyone loves a shepherd's pie and
these are truly beautiful if you liked
that all the ingredients can be
purchased at your local Woolies and
online by clicking here to subscribe to
our youtube channel click here and to
explore all our other fresh ideas
recipes click here